[turbopack] Update next docs with information about turbopack known adoption issues (#82560)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/turbopackPersistentCaching.mdx

---
title: turbopackPersistentCaching
description: Learn how to enable Persistent Caching for Turbopack builds
version: canary
---

## Usage

> Turbopack Persistent Caching enables turbopack to share state across multiple `next dev` or `next build` commands. When enabled, Turbopack will save and restore data to the `.next` folder between builds, which can greatly speed up builds.

Reviewer: Asking for my own clarity here first

- A sequence of `next dev` -> `next dev` hits the Persistent Cache
- A sequence of `next dev` -> `next build`, wouldn't hit the cache for the build step, right? Or I guess, it'd miss it because it wouldn't hit production assets?
- A sequence `next build` -> `next dev` -> `next build` for the 3rd command, would hit cached elements from the 1st, or?

If so, maybe we can reword

```suggestion
Turbopack Persistent Caching lets multiple `next dev` runs share state, and likewise for `next build` runs. When enabled, Turbopack stores data in the `.next` folder and reuses it between matching command runs, greatly speeding them up.
```

Author: next dev and next build can share the cache.  The cache hit rates won't always be super high between these two but they aren't nothing. (e.g. most `resolve` results and many basic parsing tasks are identical)

Reviewer 2: Not sure about that to be honest.
For resolving, the exports conditions are different.
For parsing, the environment variables are part of the cache key and the JSX AST transform is different in dev/prod.

Author: well i guess we can at least share the file reads 😭   and i suppose since the keys are different a `next build` won't destroy the `next dev` cache, they just aren't sharing much....

Author: documented this.  might be overkill but i assume other people will have the question as well.

```ts filename="next.config.ts" switcher
import type { NextConfig } from 'next'

const nextConfig: NextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    turbopackPersistentCaching: true,
  },
}

export default nextConfig
```

```js filename="next.config.js" switcher
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  experimental: {
    turbopackPersistentCaching: true,
  },
}

> module.exports = nextConfig

Reviewer 2: Should this contain a warning that this really really isn't stable yet (though there's `experimental` already in there of course)?

---
title: turbopackPersistentCaching
description: Learn how to enable Persistent Caching for Turbopack builds
version: canary
---

## Usage

> Turbopack Persistent Caching enables Turbopack to share state across multiple `next dev` or `next build` commands. When enabled, Turbopack will save and restore data to the `.next` folder between builds, which can greatly speed up subsequent builds and dev sessions.

Reviewer 3: > share state across multiple

"reduce work across subsequent"?

Author: i like reduce work, just dropped 'multiple'
